Now back to our set up we edit a reducer.
Now we have to work on the actions though because we need new actions or at least one new action for
now start.
Add it all to assign a value of start at it.
Now this should be dispatched whenever we start editing obviously.
So let's export a new class which is mapped to that action.
I'll name it.
Start editing to start edit and I need a payload here too which can be a number simply the index of
what I'm editing of then added to this bundled export.
Yours start at.
And with that we can dispatch it as a start and the shopping list component.
There we can use our store and simply dispatch.
And now we need to import the actions so import everything as shopping list actions from dot slash store
shopping list actions and no access new shopping list actions.
And there is start at an hour here.
What I need to do is I need to pass my index as a payload.
So that's great.
We're dispatching this.
We of course also need to handle it now.
So any shopping list reducer let's just direct case for this case shopping list actions start at it.
Now what do you want to do here.
I want to return and you state obviously take the old state for example here I don't want to change
the ingredients array.
I just want to change that ingredient and edited ingredient index.
So let's gather these two pieces of information.
Edited ingredient here can be fetched from state ingredients and there I can simply X-ists action payload
which is the index right so this gives me the ingredient I want to add and to do this immutable way
I'll simply use the spread operator again Nikon said adding that ingredient equal to edited ingredient.
Well and I'll said the in next excuse me the added ingredient index to the actual payload which is the
Index I'm passing to that function.
So now that is all happening I got the action I got the code and the reducer which will change my state.
We got the initial state and we added this trick with the app state to have an easier way of importing
that store basically or using it.
Now of course dispatching isn't all we all need to adjust our shopping at component to take advantage
of this new set up because this old set up here won't work anymore.
So first of all let's get rid of added that item index.
We don't really need to manage that here.
All later changed all the reducers which need the index because that information already is in the store
anyways right.
So you can get rid of that added moët.
That is something I need to know.
Enty added that item there is also something I need to know here what I will do now here's I will simply
reach out to my store select the shopping list and simply subscribe to it.
Now here I want to gather information about the edited item index and edit that item.
So here I get my data and I want to check if data and U.S.A. get type completion here if the index is
greater than minus 1 which means I have selected one.
If that's the case all set added that item equal to data added that item added to the ingredient in
this case you and offset added mode to true here.
Otherwise if you select that item is not greater than minus 1.
So if it is minus 1 or lower then this edit mode will be set to False.
Now we of course also want the same one to set our four values here and subscription.
I want to set this to a one to hold this subscription because even though NTR X sure managed it for
us right now to my knowledge it doesn't.
So let's keep that set up where we store the subscription and unsubscribe in our energy destroy.
Now passing D.N. next to some of these actions won't work anymore because we don't have that index anymore.
We manage it centrally in our NCR ex-state or Storen Hence we shouldn't have any issues accessing it
directly from our reducers though which is what we'll do in a second.
So now I got this all set.
Now with that get let's get rid of the shopping lists service injection here and the import.
We're not using it anymore.
Actually we can now delete the whole file because we're not using anything from that file anymore so
let's delete that file.
Let's sleeted everywhere where we injected it.
So you're in the shopping list component there.
We don't use it any more here in the shopping list added component.
I just removed it.
So here is the shopping list component let's remove it there too.
We just removed that from the shopping list edit component.
And in the core module let's all to get rid of it.
There we don't need to provide that anymore because we don't have it anymore save it.
This works.
However one thing which won't work is that in our actions I still require in next year for updating
and for deleting for deleting.
I actually don't need any constructor anymore.
No payload is needed because we store the edited ingredient in our producers in ID edited index.
So now everywhere where I access the payload index I can simply Xs whip's state edited ingredient index.
So let's do this here.
We're storing this all in the end your state so no need to reach out to any other place in our application
with that Datchet should all be said Let's now see if it works if we load our application and click
Edit here added apples to lead tomatoes add something new added back to tomatoes maybe like that.
So that's all we're asking for go back to recipes and I add some ingredients from there.
Now we get an arrow though.
Now this is something we'll fix in the next lecture.